people like me are mistreated every day. I did this to show society "push us and we will push back!" I suffered all my life. No one ever truly loved me. No one ever truly cared about me. I only loved one thing in my whole life and that was Christina Menefee. But she was torn away from me. I tried to save myself with , but she never cared for me. As it turns out, she made fun of me behind my back while we were together. And all throughout my life I was ridiculed. Always beaten, always hated. Can you, society, truly blame me for what I do? Yes, you will, the ratings wouldn't be high enough if you didn't, and it would not make good gossip for all the old ladies. But I shall tell you one thing, I am malicious because I am miserable. The world has beaten me. Wendsday [sic] I, 1997 shall go down in history as the day I fought back. (At this time Grant, say what you will, when you are through I ask you to read to them sec. 125 of the Gay Science "the madmen.") [This is a reference to The Gay Science by Nietzsche.] Grant, see you in the holding cell!6 I, Luke Woodham, being of sound mind and body, do hereby will to Grant Boyette my books. To Lucas Thompson: my guitars and amplifier and their equipment. Also, all of my guitar magazines and guitar books. I leave my music and lyrics to Lucas Thompson, so that he may perform them. I also leave my other writings of philosophy and poetry to Grant Boyette, they are a part of me and may be published as a process of my life. Also, to Grant Boyette, I will all of my cassette tapes.7 It was not a cry for attention, it was not a cry for help. It was a scream in sheer agony saying that if I can't pry your eyes open, if I can't do it through pacifism, if I can't show you through displaying of intelligence, then I will do it with a bullet.8 NOTES I Quoted in Driven to Kill, Wensley Clarkson, John Blake Publishing, London, 2004, pp. 35-36. 2 Quoted in Driven to Kill, Wensley Clarkson, John Blake Publishing, London, 2004, p. 36. 3 Quoted in "A Community and Its Shooter," The Courier-Journal, 8 December 1998. 4 Quoted in "A Community and Its Shooter," The Courier-Journal, 8 December 1998. 5 Photograph of page from journal reproduced in Inside the Mind of a Teen Killer, Phil Chalmers, Thomas Nelson, Nashville, 2010. 6 Photograph of page from journal reproduced in Inside the Mind of a Teen Killer, Phil Chalmers, Thomas Nelson, Nashville, 2010 7 Quoted in "A Community and Its Shooter," The Courier-Journal, 8 December 1998. 8 Quoted in Rampage: The Social Roots of School Shootings, Katherine Newman, Basic Books, New York, 2004, p. 249. WWW.SCHOOLSHOOTERS.INFO Peter Langman, Ph.D. Version 1.0 (27 June 2016) 3 