[" I got something on my heart I really would like to say. More than anything in my life, man, what happened that day comes back every day and it's all day every day."
 ' And I just want to apologize.'
 " to the families and to everybody in my town, in this world that lost somebody or knew somebody that was impacted in any way by that, man, it's just like I could never take it back and I could never get how sorry I am across, I feel like, because..."
 " It hurts knowing that I did that. I think about what would Mr. Bruce want if I was given a second chance? Would he want me to throw that away? And I know he wouldn't."
 ' Have you been with Mr. Bruce in Tregibbien?'
 " I would hope he wouldn't and his wife told me that he was a good man and he would forgive me."
 ' Is she forgiving you?'
 ' She told me she could never forgive me, but I just, I care for those people.'
 ' and I just want them to be okay.'
 ' and know that I am sorry and I am remorseful for what happened that day.'
 ' All I want is to be able to go out here.' ' and be somebody.'
 " more than just the Campbell County school shooter and make the people who have supported me through all this proud and just try to soothe the souls of anybody still upset over it as best I can by them knowing that I'm proud."
 " If I'm out here, I'm doing my best, and I'm trying to make this work, and I am going to make it work."
 ' You really think you can overcome Campbell County School Children?'
 " I live with it every day. It will never, ever, ever leave my heart and my mind. It seems like a thousand times a day it comes into my mind, but I'll never be able to leave that behind from my emotions, but I just want to leave the stereotype attached with that."
 " And every new, every time I meet somebody, it's like, you know, they already have a pre-judged opinion, which is sometimes a good thing, sometimes a bad thing. But I'd like to have that off of me for just..."
 ' But wow, to see what it feel like not to be that guy.']