[" the shooting. It's a murder weapon. It's a murder weapon. It's a murder weapon. It's a murder weapon. By pleading guilty. What this does is it spares so many families affected by this trial for Ethan Crumbly. It will now go to sentencing. But what did come out in court today? Not only that guilty plea, but some more chilling details as if there could be any more. But for the first time we heard from the shooter really in his own words how he got that weapon, the murder weapon. He said in court by way of the shooting, he said. It's a murder weapon. It's a murder weapon. It's a murder weapon. It's a murder weapon. It's a murder weapon. And remember that murder weapon took the"
 " What is your name? Ethan Robert Crumbly And Mr. Crumbly, how old are you? I'm 16 years old."
 ' The Oxford High School shooter, choosing to now plead guilty to 24 charges against him facing life without parole.'
 ' Is it true that your actions on November the 30th, 2021 caused the deaths of Madison Baldwin, Tamir, Hannah St. Juliana, and Justin Schilling? Yes.'
 " the shooting. He's also investigating the shooting of a woman who was shot in the neck. These families and the thousands of others affected by the shooting in Oxford won't have to sit through his trial, and that does not mean any kind of shortened sentence as a result of the plea. Want to be dead. The man who was shot in the neck was shot in the back of a woman who was shot in the neck. The man who was shot in the back of a woman was shot"
 ' very clear there were no plea negotiations, no plea offers, no reductions, and no sentencing agreements.'
 " you, hard work. Your profits definitelyAc's"
 " call about it. He's been}.no. Originally we filed a notice of insanity. And based on the conversations"
 " the school. I'm not sure I could have done that. I'm not sure I could have done that. Okay Some questions answered Monday in court during the hearing. Crumbly testifying that he had the murder weapon, a six hour handgun and 50 rounds of ammunition in his backpack at school. Why school officials questioned him about a violent drawing depicting a shooting. The same day he opened fire at the school. It also came out from crumbly that"
 ' Is it true that you asked him to buy the firearm?'
 ' Yes. Is it true that you gave him your own money to buy the firearm? Yes.'
 ' He had access to it whenever he wanted. So that was mind blowing too.'
 ' the shooter. She was shot and killed. She was shot and killed by a woman in a car. Oxford High School parent Megan Gregory in court, seeing the shooter for the first time in person. She says her son Keegan was able to get away from the shooter after being held'
 " I'll never have a child that was the same person he was on November 29th."
 " district. advance arrest charges in dad's"
 " He didn't want to be here. He struggles with the thought of being in the same room. I mean, he was held hostage by him for almost six minutes."
 " the judge's opinion. He did not say much, but he did not say much. He did not say anything. Ethan seemingly lacking emotion in court. He did not say much beyond one word answers to the judge and prosecutors. His attorney says it will be clear his remorse at the next hearing. The judge's office"
 " you're thinking about. Whileisers say he felt angry. I hope that someday he does feel that remorse. I still thought evil would inspire some Communist"
 " the shooting. He's still investigating the shooting. He's also investigating the shooting. We got to learn a little bit about what life is like for the shooter through his attorney, Paulette Lofton. She says he is still segregated from general population here at the jail in Oakland County. He only has contact with his attorney and deputies. He does have a tablet, but it is restricted. He can only talk with his attorneys on that tablet. She says Paulette Lofton that he is taking close&"
 " Well Jessica, because there was no plea agreement or any sort of sentencing agreement, does that mean this is automatically life in prison? And we're not talking about the juvenile facility, Children's Village, we're talking about life in prison."
 " the judge will decide if it is life in prison without parole or something less. But of course, I think a lot of parents would like to see life without parole. Sure. Well, we'll talk about the latest news tonight. We'll talk about the latest news tonight. We'll talk about the latest news"
 ' and a lot of them spared, though, because he is not going to trial now.']