[' Describe to me what, like, if someone knew nothing about guns, how would you explain to them what an AR-15 is?'
 " An AR-15 is a long rifle and it's used as a sporting rifle. It shoots in semi-automatic fire and then there's fully automatic fire. A fully automatic fire is only meant for the military. No legal person is allowed to get it unless they have a firearms license or something like that and stay up to date."
 ' Uh-huh.'
 " Alright, and so again what's the difference between, you know, for a complete novice, between a semi-automatic and a full automatic?"
 ' Fully automatic is continuous fire. Okay. And semi-automatic is single fire. So every time you pull a trigger you only pull once.'
 ' Okay.'
 ' Okay, so does that mean you have to pull for each time you fire it or is it do it on its own?'
 " on its own. Like that. And fully on mag, you just hold them on as long as possible until they're completely empty."
 ' Live.'
 " Okay. Okay, I'll fill it. So, before you do that, I'm just going to check your reading, okay? A little bit. Do you like reading, Nick? Okay. And so, I'm going to ask you to read out a few things out loud. And I just want to make sure you can read all these questions, okay? So I'm just checking out your reading. So let's see. I don't know if you like African animals or anything like that. I like it. This is a book on...let's see if I can find one that might be interesting to you."
 ' I like it.' ' anything really'
 " Do you like reading or do you like animals? I like animals. Okay, let's do this one."
 ' I just want to have you read out a little bit for me.'
 ' There we go. You might need your glasses because...' ' Yeah.'
 ' Do you need me to take off my mask or anything? No? Okay.'
 ' So just start kind of here and read the first couple paragraphs for me.'
 " I got it. Indeed, when it comes to the question of which land animal is the fastest, the cheetah winds paws down. It relies on its record-setting speed to chase down prey. Unlike other cats, the cheetah usually hunts during the day. Cat does its best to get within 150 feet of its potential prey, which is less than half the length of American football field, and then quickly rips up to a sprint. If the cheetah succeeds in bringing down its target, it clamps its jaws down on the animal's throat, cutting it off of its air supply. Before digging in, the cat usually moves its meal to an area by a tree."
 " Okay, you're doing fine, yeah. I just wanted to make sure that if I gave you this question or you could read all the questions, but I got it."
 ' partially dead.'
 " You're right. Okay. So you went there and how big, how many people were in your class?"
 ' 30 people at a time.'
 " 30 per class and a few... And you're hard to see in the morning, so we..."
 ' In JROTC, in morning, so we have different names for morning sessions in JROTC. The morning session I was in first year was really short. There was not that many kids, so we had a chance to speak, get to know one another, build up our confidence with each other.'
 ' Uh-huh.'
 " Okay, so was your JROTC, was that your first class of the day? Yeah. And that's when you went and... I just want to make sure I got the years right, because you left there... uh... roughly when you were... you hadn't quite finished the 11th grade, is that right?"
 ' I think so, yeah.'
 " I was doing really well in the class. In the JROTC? Yeah. So let's talk about that. Who was your teacher? John DeMaro. Okay, and I've never been in a... Sergeant John DeMaro. In a JROTC class. Okay. So tell me what happens in a JROTC class. Okay."
 ' I was gonna re-' ' Sergeant John Tabarro.'
 " JRTC is, the short term definition of JRTC is Junior Officer Training Corps. I suppose it would make you ready to go into the military because that's what I wanted. I wanted to seek a military career in the K9 unit, after that K9 unit, then Army Ranger School. So I was trying to learn everything I can about the military. So the first step was to go into JRTC, take the class on marksmanship because I wanted to experience that just to get an idea of what it's like. And I learned a lot."
 ' Okay.' ' Uh-huh.' ' Okay, tell me what you learned about Martinship.'
 ' I learned how to shoot a gun. I learned how to zero in a rifle.'
 " What does zero gonna rifle mean? I don't know what that means."
 " It means to shoot dead center or shoot on impact Where you want to shoot your target like see that bottle? Yeah, if you want to shoot the top of that it's supposed to zero in so you keep shooting until you're able to Get the cap off or something"
 ' Yeah.' ' Okay, what type of training gun or whatever did they use?'
 " or whatever did they we didn't do any anything that you see on tv no no uh what we did was so we sat on a platform like a little like green thing"
 ' No.'
 ' And then we set up a rifle so we found these like little things around our arms and we had some sort of'
 ' Hey.'
 " air peloton which I think function on co2 gas so we had cylinders in it so we pull back the thing and then supposed to put in the same thing as opposed to let's go and then look and it's supposed to hit the target about 10 meters so we set up these like targets to meters and there's what it prone kneeling and then standing"
 ' So we had a...' ' Okay.'
 ' Three different positions you have to learn.'
 ' Three different positions you have to learn? Three positions? Yeah. And how did they determine if you were good or not?'
 ' with a particular...'
 " You have to shoot a target at 10 meters the size of a diamond recorder. Okay. It actually decreased in size over the years. I don't know if it's... I heard it's a penny now."
 ' Okay.'
 ' Okay, so overall how did you do as a mark in that class or in that JROTC? Well I was in the top'
 ' Were you a good shot? I was in the top one. I was probably the fourth to, no the third or fourth one from being top in the class. The females are a lot better at shooting than men.'
 ' The females...' " And that's because..."
 " They're just back shooters. Even the Marines did their own study on that. It's true."
 ' Okay.' ' Okay, and so anything else you learned in that class?'
 ' Any other questions?' ' I learned leadership skills.'
 ' Give me some examples of some leadership skills.'
 " Whenever someone's in need, you're supposed to go up to them and make sure they're alright. If someone were to challenge you in a fight, you're supposed to walk away from it."
 ' uh here um'
 " Marching and someone falls down you're supposed to help them up and if someone's having issues with some sort of class you're supposed to help them out So tell me"
 " I'll just stick up for a minute."
 ' So tell me about that. You mentioned that earlier this morning.'
 ' So in order to go into the military and get a good job in the military, you have to score high on the ASVAB first.'
 ' Thank you.' ' Yes, that was a crazy test.'
 ' Tell me about some of the questions and what it was like, best you remember.'
 ' Here, I can write down something.'
 " Okay, let me take out this piece of paper. I've never taken a photo."
 " It's crazy tough." ' Give me some examples.' ' How you doing?'
 " I'll try to come up with a question I could..." ' I see.' ' Thank you.'
 ' Thank you.' ' Thanks for watching!' ' Thank you.' ' Thank you.'
 ' Someone like that, I have really tough questions.'
 ' Talk really tough.' ' Let me see what you wrote here.'
 ' Those are just small examples. It gets really really complicated and tough.'
 " So what is an H2O molecule? What's this right here?"
 ' What is H2O molecule of water?'
 ' of water. And what would your answer be to something like that?'
 ' Uh, hydrogen?' ' Okay, and then what does this say?'
 ' who was just being during the French Revolution.'
 " And what's the answer to that?" " it was Napoleon's XY."
 ' And then this last one.'
 " Wasn't on this last one? Oh, it was the square root of 256."
 " and what's an answer to that? I don't know. Okay. But would these be questions, are these exact questions from that test or just similar to what?"
 " Those are simple questions. I can't put like okay. Give you it gets really"
 ' It gets really complicated.'
 ' Oh yeah, I did take psychology. I actually scored pretty well.'
 ' Can I pass the test too? Okay.' ' Yeah.'
 ' And that was at the Dave Thomas campus? OCLC. OCLC. Yep. And so OCLC.'
 " I'll see I'll see" ' of OCLs.'
 ' Okay, what kind of things do they teach in the psychology class?'
 " Well, they didn't teach anything. It was just basically they were... We were just doing things on computer."
 ' Yeah, what kind of topics on the computer were there?'
 ' people with mental health.'
 ' past tests such as the one where they practiced this test on prisoners and guards so basically what happened was there was this test back in the 80s or 60s and they had a bunch of'
 " We'll be right back." ' Uh-huh.'
 ' Bunch of inmates become security guards and security guards become the inmates.'
 " And it turned out well, actually, security guards turned against inmates and treated them horribly, which came up with a theory that if you put someone in a situation and under certain circumstances, they'll abuse that power."
 " Yeah, it's a famous study actually. And any time where someone might have thought you were carving like a swash stick on a table or something like that."
 ' My friends told me to do that and they did it as well and I did that for attention and anything that I threw swastika or said nasty remarks about the race or gender equality or anything like that. It was all for attention. Okay.'
 ' And I did that.' ' I did that.'
 ' anything like that. It was all for attention. Okay.'
 " in that magazine, I'm sure you know about it. I had a magazine with a swastika on it. Uh huh. For my AR. I didn't write that at all."
 ' Uh-huh.' " I didn't f-" " Where'd that come from?"
 ' Jameson Tatum asked me if he wanted to cross Waska on it, and so I said sure.'
 ' Okay, so he drew the plastic on the magazine?'
 " I didn't think any of it."
 " We were just chilling out. He said, it's cool if I cross, cross climbing magnets. I said, sure."
 ' Was that magazine used on the day of the offense? Yeah. OK.' ' you'
 ' Was it left there at the scene? At least not yet. Okay.'
 " I'll at least tell you."
 ' And then I had them and then someone told me I had a swastika on my boot. I did do that, but that was for attention.'
 ' I did do that.' ' OK. Where did you put the splash stick on the boot?'
 ' Probably a month before, half a month before.'
 ' And what kind of attention can you get from having a spa stick at one of you?'
 ' Negative or positive can be used in either way because the swastika was used in Native American as a PC in both.'
 ' I know.'
 ' And then when the Germans saw, I guess they took it up themselves and they made it into a symbolic symbol.'
 ' Which was really stupid because it was a Native American peace symbol.'
 ' But when you put on your shoe for attention, which of those two was it most likely to kind of connect to or represent?'
 ' More sleepies?' ' Okay.'
 ' Any other Counselants that you can remember you talk about Jared any other'
 ' Yeah, there was like a woman that wanted to begin to chest. And she also wanted to try to punch a pill, see if that would relieve any stress. There was also...'
 ' And did you end up playing chess?'
 " No. Yeah? Or can you play chess? It was in my interest. I didn't even play it right. I've only learned that I was playing the wrongs throughout my years."
 ' Yeah, are you candy punch?' ' Okay, and can you play chess now?'
 ' Not very good at it.'
 ' Tell me what you remember about some of the different names of the chess pieces.'
 ' Oh, we got the rook, we got the king, the queen, the knights.'
 ' Or the other one. Uh...' ' I forgot we were...' nan
 " Bishop. Okay. And the pawns. Okay. That's, that sounds like all I want. And"
 ' Can they move in different ways? Yeah, they move in different ways. Okay.'
 " Yeah, they move in different ways. Okay. The knight goes in like an elf form. Okay. The king goes pretty much anywhere but only one spot at a time. The queen can go anywhere on the chessboard. I think the bishop goes sideways and then the rooks just go up or left and right. Okay. I think that's about it."
 ' Okay.'
 " Okay. I think that's about it. Do they allow you to play chess in here at all? Yeah. And who do you get to play chess with?"
 ' Okay.' ' Uh... my uh... my psych doctor.' ' Okay.'
 ' And are you able to, how do you do? Terrible. Terrible.'
 " I think he's cheating someone."
 ' How do you mean? Huh? He always uses his queen. He always uses his queen?'
 ' Huh?' ' He always uses his queen.' ' Yeah, he always uses his phone.'
 " What does that mean? I don't play chess so..."
 ' So the queen is probably the most powerful piece on the board, so I use that a lot and he always gets me with it. And then we play Uno.'
 " And I usually crack a joke all the time. It's pretty fun." ' Okay.'
 " And which doctor is this? What's his name? Uh, Dr. K." nan
 ' How do you spell last name? K, you said?'
 " uh... cases yet on dark and i don't have to announce is for me to see if you talk"
 " I've seen a treatment doctor here? Yeah. Okay."
 " I'm taking the doctor here."
 ' And so you shared with me that you had this thought about shooting up the school. For a very long time. When did it first, and we talked about this earlier this morning, but when did the idea first pop in your mind or you first thought about it? 14, 13. Age 13 or 14? Yeah. And what was it at age 13 or 14 again that this thought came up? Was it when you were reading the books that we were talking about? Yeah, I was reading the books.'
 " I've had that burger a long time." ' for a very long time.' ' for'
 ' You were reading the books that we were talking about?' ' and uh...'
 ' Did it ever go away or did it kind of come and go? Come and go.'
 ' Come and go, it will pop up in my mind one time and just disappear for the next.'
 ' What seemed to make it calm and what seemed to make it good?'
 ' when I saw a lot of violent videos on YouTube.'
 ' Okay, what kind of violent videos did you see?' ' War videos.'
 ' And did that make it more go up and more go down? Yeah, it did go up. OK.'
 " We're gonna blow up." ' And then I watched documentaries.'
 ' What kind of documentaries?'
 ' I think it was 42 hours or something. There was another one, same thing, but with Virgin Tintec.'
 ' Uh-huh.' ' with Virginia Tech.' ' There was one on Elliot Rogers.'
 ' Do you remember if you ever kind of searched out on the internet ways to do a school shooting?'
 ' Yes.' ' Yes.' ' I did my own research.'
 ' Tell me what research you did.'
 ' I looked up on Wikipedia, I studied mass murderers and how they did it. Uh huh. Like their plans and what they got and what they used.'
 ' Uh-huh.' ' And what did you learn from that kind of study?'
 " I learned that the Columbine shooters, they had three guns that they used. They used a Hype .9995, regular. They used a double-barrel shotgun, cut-down pistol grip. They used another shotgun, and they used a Tech 9. I learned that from there. I learned a Virginia Tech shooter. He had a tactical vest, and he had two pistols, Glock 9s, I think. I can't remember what brand, but he went to the gun range, and he sighted them in."
 ' Virginia Tech shooter.' nan ' Thank you.' ' Okay. And I...'
 " And I learned about Aurora L'Orealis. A guy uses Smith & Wesson P1542. And how I know he used it, he doesn't even say on Wikipedia, but it actually shows the brand on a police document."
 ' Okay, so you could figure it you figured that out what he used and when he said Aurora Borealis movie theater shooting Colorado yeah'
 ' said Aurora Borealis? A movie theater shooting in Colorado.' nan
 ' Okay. Cancel almost. Yeah.' " Can't hold it."
 ' Alright, and were there any lessons you learned? I mean, those are sort of the facts that they did. Did you learn anything from reading those facts?'
 ' They washed the corners, they kept the distance away from people.'
 ' and they went in as fast as possible.' ' Okay.'
 " and the police didn't do anything."
 " And what did all that mean to you as far as what you're thinking about it?"
 ' My thinking is if I do go on school campus, the police are not going to do anything and I have a small opportunity to shoot people for maybe 20 minutes.'
 " So I'm talking about the days leading up to the school shooting you talked you were talking"
 " Yeah, I already had the magazines, I had all the ammunition. It was just there. So it was already there. It was already there, I just didn't have anything to do with it."
 ' I was just there. So it was already there. It was already there.'
 ' So nothing special, you had to go out and buy it a couple days beforehand? Yeah.'
 " It's just the ammunition that I didn't have."
 ' Okay, and so one thing is you got you had this vest and you put the ammo in. What else did you do?'
 ' I put the gun in one of the safety bags, gun bags.'
 ' Tell me what a safety bag looks like.'
 ' It kind of looks like that right there.' ' Okay.' ' See that red one?'
 ' Where did you put the gun? In the safety bag.'
 ' the night prior, right after I practice a little bit, side and end.'
 ' Right.' " Yeah, and where'd you go?" ' institute.'
 ' back here like trying to imagine the recoil'
 " That's right, that was at the sneeze house. They had a place outside you could do that. And you said you were figuring out the recall? Yeah. Recall. Recoil. Recoil."
 nan ' Yeah.'
 ' And so the night before the gun went into the bag, and did anything else go into that bag? It was like a gun bag. What else?'
 " That's it. That's it. Just the gun. And whatever was on the gun."
 " That's it. Just the gun." ' and what was on the gun.'
 ' and what was...' ' Um...' ' A grip, tactical grip.' " What's that?"
 " It's like" ' I can draw.'
 " Okay, and then give me the pen again. I'm going to show you off. The phone is set."
 ' Yeah.' ' breakfast'
 " So I had a rail system on it, so kind of different. And you can put a tactical grip on it, it's just a grip. So you basically screw it into the gun."
 " What's the point of having... To keep it steady. Okay."
 ' Please give it to Daddy.'
 ' And then same thing with the bipod. Bipod kind of looks like that a little bit.'
 " Alright, but you don't... You didn't use a bipod, did you?"
 ' That was already on the map.' ' Thanks for having me on.'
 ' Okay, and so...'
 " anything yeah that's about it that was all yeah oh and" ' Oh and um...'
 ' How was it?' ' The sling.' ' Thank you for watching!'
 " So what's the you can't do that back was the tactical grip already on the gun? Or did you put it on the night before I was already on there for a while and the sling was on there. Yeah"
 ' That was a re-enter for a while.'
 ' This link was on there as well. I just recently put on the back side.'
 " Okay, and so when you had this, the bipod was actually on the gum when you put it into the gum bag? Yeah. Okay, and so that's the night before, about what time of night are we talking about?"
 ' Yeah.' ' Well, early morning, really.'
 " Yeah, it might have even... I didn't get any sleep. Okay, so this is on February the 14th, early morning."
 " I didn't get any sleep." ' Eight or nine.' ' 8 or 9 in the morning.'
 ' Not eight or nine, not all of us. Not all of us.'
 " 5, 5.30? 5.30? And I sighted in at around 12 o'clock in the night."
 ' Bye, sorry.'
 ' the night before like on the 13th or like midnight maybe? Yeah. Tell me what sight it in means again. Sighting in? Yes, sighting in. What does that mean?'
 ' midnight'
 ' Sighting in? Yes, sighting in. What does that mean? To get the bullet on target where you want to shoot at.'
 ' Okay.'
 ' I have to look at the rear front side and put the laser on top.'
 " How long does it take to do that? Can I try? Sure. Just don't try to understand. Yeah, I'm trying to make you understand. Yeah, you're welcome."
 ' you' ' Just to kind of...'
 " I'm trying to understand. Yeah, I'm trying to make you understand."
 " So there's like this, this is the front side. This is what it looks like on the air."
 ' This is a front set.'
 ' So this is the rear side, the circle thing, and this is the front side.'
 ' So this is a rear side.' ' circle thing.' nan
 " and you want to put the laser just a little bit right above it. That's your point of aim. And so this is what it kind of looks like when you're shooting a target."
 ' I like that.'
 ' How does that laser, how does the sight, how does that help you in your shooting?'
 " So when it's in the gun, it's stabilized." ' Okay.'
 " So wherever the right that goes is your point of aim. Because that's where the bullet's going to come out. Okay. Out of the gun. And that's how you sight it in."
 ' Okay.' ' Does it help in any way with the shooting?'
 ' Yeah, so right after you take it out put a bullet and they actually fire see if actually shoots on how were you just Sight in to target with red Davas. Uh-huh'
 ' Yeah, so right after you take it out, put it below.' ' Uh-huh.'
 ' Okay.' nan ' All right.'
 ' So that was the sighting. How long does it take you to do the sighting the night before? You told me earlier.'
 ' I think it was about 30 minutes. About 30 minutes.'
 " About 30 minutes? 30 minutes to an hour? Okay. The night before they're out, you're at the Sneads, you're in the their backyard for 30 minutes to an hour with the AR-15. You come back, what are you even wearing the night before? Do you remember what you were wearing the night before?"
 ' My JRC polo shirt and cabbie pants.'
 ' Now why are you wearing your JRTC polo shirt?'
 ' To disguise myself if I do go in. Okay. Because if I had all that beer on there, they would have called the cops and held me in that.'
 ' Okay.'
 " and then you're wearing khakis. And were you wearing the same thing the night before as you were wearing the day off? Or did you change clothes? I changed clothes."
 ' Yeah.'
 ' I changed clothes. I was wearing, before the shooting, I was wearing a sweater.'
 ' My camouflage shirt. My beanie. This is the night before? Yeah, like I told you, I used to cover myself. Yeah, you did. Yeah.'
 ' This is the night before. Yeah like I told you.'
 ' Yeah, we did. So when did you put on the JRTC polo shirt?'
 " Probably around 12 o'clock in the night after I sighted my rifle."
 ' Okay. And again, you put on that shirt because...'
 " Uh, to disguise myself so I don't draw attention."
 " Is it, I mean you hadn't been there in a year or so, but is that kind of the same shirt they have for the most part you think?"
 ' Almost every kid in GRC had that shirt.'
 " Okay, where'd you sit in the car? The back seat? Yeah, back seat. Okay, and..."
 ' Yeah.'
 ' I told her that I had a musical instrument. I was in the orchestra.'
 ' Okay. And how come you did that?'
 ' uh, to so I can get away with uh, taking my guns in the car and going to school.'
 ' And what did she say to that?' ' Uh, she said okay.'
 " Once you get to school, what's your next step?"
 " Walk through the gates. Hopefully there's no security guards, which I was wrong."
 ' So what would I have been at that school? So are there lots of gates or how do you get it? How do you get to it?'
 ' Uh, 3-8. Okay, and so where do you...'
 ' Okay, and so where did they drop you off? The front gate. The table? The front gate. And so is your backpack, like sometimes you can wear a backpack like slop on your shoulder or something? Yeah, it was in front. I think I was wearing it in the front. Okay. Yes. Yeah. And then what were you doing with the gun safe bag? I was wearing a bag of gun safe bags. I was wearing a bag of gun safe bags.'
 ' from gay' ' Yeah, I was in front. I think I was working in front.'
 ' I was walking.' " Okay. And you're..." ' I think south of Humber Road.'
 " Okay, you're walking with it and you have the backpack kind of on one side. And then what happened?"
 ' I went through the gates. I looked at the guy who was watching me.'
 ' Oh, there was a guy watching you? Yeah. Was it that, was it that? Yeah, I saw him right there.'
 " Was it that? Yeah, I saw him radioing and I said, oh shit, I'm screwed. So I just ran into the building and I told the kids to get out of here. I don't remember what I exactly said, but I said something."
 nan
 " Was the guy that you saw radioing and you said, oh shit, I'm screwed. Remember we were talking about some other security guy? Was that same guy? No. No, totally different one?"
 ' You'
 ' And so what did you think when you saw him talking on the radio? What do you think that was about?'
 ' I thought he was going to, I think he called Scott Pearson.'
 ' Okay. And what would that mean if he did?'
 " Scott's pierre was coming."
 ' Okay, and what would that mean for your plan that day?' ' Uh, to uh...'
 ' Shoot.' " Um, so how did you get to McDonald's?" ' A lot.'
 " There's a long ways from the Walmart. But how long do you think?"
 ' So from the school to Walmart is about 400,000 yards.'
 ' and then how far is it?'
 ' an angle left down the road probably another 600 yards' ' Uh-huh.'
 " 600 yards for the McDonald's and did you get anything to eat at the McDonald's?"
 " And did you get anything to eat at the McDonald's? I thought about it."
 ' And do you even know if you got anything? Are you hungry?'
 " the slushie probably wasn't enough. And what happened at the McDonald's?"
 ' I talked to this kid, told me his sister was at Stonemdag still.'
 ' Okay, and did you have any conversation about like did he ask you who are you or did he ask you anything about it?'
 ' Yeah, I asked him if I could have him left. I needed to go to work.'
 " or something like that. And he said he couldn't do it. He had a soccer game. This is true."
 ' And the sad story is his sister died in the building.'
 ' Thanks for watching!' ' It is.'
 " Do you know his first name? His friend. Now, you've taught me some different examples of things you've done to animals, different animals. When was the very first time you could remember ever doing something that people might look at and say, that's not very kind to an animal? How young were they?"
 ' or in this.'
 ' How long have you been here? Focal Lister is back with a rock.'
 ' and how old were you?' ' Uh... Three.'
 ' Okay, and how come you did, what do you remember about doing that?'
 ' Something me and my brother did. We went around killing losers.'
 ' Okay.' " So tell me that's the good one."
 ' Sometimes they get them alive, sometimes they set them on fire. Okay, the lizards.'
 ' Okay, the lizards. When did you start scanning the lizards alive?'
 ' I just taped him to the to the wall like' nan
 ' How were we the first time you did that do you think?' ' Thank you.'
 ' 4 to go.' ' Thanks for watching!'
 ' Okay. And then, what about setting them on fire? How would you do that?'
 ' Take a lighter and burn it in slime.' ' How would they react?'
 ' Burn in sleep.'
 ' Are they running slowly? Do they make any movement or sound or anything?'
 ' They start curling up and then just fall over.'
 ' Now go back to your nap formed p proofs'
 " So that's a 3, 4... Tell me what happened next. What's the next progression I got?"
 ' Um...' ' Bird eggs.' " Bird eggs? What'd you do with bird eggs?"
 ' I took him out of the nest and I threw him against the wall.'
 ' How come?' " Because I was bored. I wouldn't let me out of the house."
 ' Okay, what did you think was going to happen to the egg if you did that?'
 ' Oh, crack.' ' Okay, and how old are you without?' ' Uh, seven.'
 ' Okay, and then what else? What happened next?' ' See, um...'
 " Uh, let's see." ' I set spiders on fire.'
 ' Okay, how old are you without?'
 ' Those banana spiders, you know those people ones. Are those really big? Yeah. Okay. I set them on fire with a flame fire. With a spray can.'
 ' Are those really big? Yeah. Okay.'
 ' What? With the spray can. A spray can.'
 ' What kind of books are you reading now?'
 " I have a book of maps. I'm trying to figure out what's happening in Ukraine. They're attacking on 4th sides, they're Russians."
 " Yeah, and so it sounds like you're able to get some news while you're in here."
 ' Terrible news.'
 " Yeah, and so you have a map and you're even sort of hurt on the news about"
 " They're getting close to the capital of Ukraine, Kichwa."
 " Yeah, tell me what you've learned on the news about what's happening with this."
 " Well, so far I've heard that Putin ordered a missile strike near the capital. Okay. That killed 10 people."
 ' Okay.' " Okay, anything else you've learned?"
 ' I learned that the UN and all the other countries are afraid that if they push Putin in the back corner he might release nuclear weapons.'
 " Okay. And from what you've learned about your history and this map..."
 " actually know a lot about him actually. He did judo, he had trouble in school. This is Pooten we're talking about? Yeah, he actually told the news cast that he couldn't go into the KTV. They had to find him, he couldn't find them, like he had to go through this whole process in order to go there."
 " This is Putin we're talking about?" " How'd you learn all this?"
 ' They had a book on a book card about him.'
 ' Oh, okay. On the book card here?'
 " book right here? Yeah, his father served in World War II. Before that, he had a grandfather who served in World War I. Or a godfather, I don't know, I can't remember. His mother lived in St. Petersburg, Russia. When the war came, his father almost got captured. He managed to escape and make it back to the borderline with Russia, but Solomon ordered him to go back to the front line, so that's what he did. He got injured and then he worked on the farm for the rest of his life until his mother gave birth to him."
 ' His mother, uh...'
 ' He has two daughters. He got married in, I think, 1969.'
 " This is Putin we're talking about."
 " He had a tough life. Okay. Yeah, his first wife, well, he wanted to get married at a young age, but he didn't. He kind of regretted, but tries not to think about it. He didn't really talk about it too much, his relationship, but he had a hard life."
 ' Have fun.' ' Okay.' nan
 ' When the USR was falling, he was in East Germany. He was kind of paperwork back work as a KGB agent. He was pretty much getting information back from the states and Russia, USR. But no one was really following any orders by the time the department of law was happening. Actually, where he was working, all the mobs from East Germany went into the building, tried to figure out who was KGB or not. And he managed to escape. He managed to get some guards. And he went back to Russia, where he worked his way up to becoming president of the Russian army.'
 ' Okay.'
 ' Okay. And from your reading and knowledge, how do you think things are going to turn out?'
 " I'm hoping maybe he does the right decision and calls for a cease fire and that he apologize to the Ukrainian government and offers them assistance in rebuilding the country."
 " It's probably his best option. OK. What... From what you read about him, what do you think the likelihood is he'll take that option?"
 " It's probably the best option."
 " I think he'll figure something out. That's just me and my personal opinion. He might cause for a ceasefire."
 ' Okay.'
 " I hope so. That's what I'm hoping maybe within a year or so. I don't think he's gonna capture it by the end of the week. Ukraine? Nah, I don't think he is. Yeah, I don't know how to steal. Okay. I don't want to steal too much because I don't want to get arrested. I want a blacklist."
 ' Yeah, sure.'
 ' So usually what I stole was candy, food, magazines, movies, video games, video game controllers.'
 ' So usually when I.'
 ' Okay, did you ever take any of those things before you were age 15?'
 ' Oh, I try to.'
 ' Tell me what anything you stole or shoplifted before 15. Movies. What kind of movies would you steal?'
 ' Police.'
 ' Anything on the market? Anything I found interesting, like Predator?'
 nan
 " Was that the old days when they had like DVDs and stuff? I don't know if they had that so much anymore."
 ' Not anymore, now you can just go on the internet.'
 ' But you would sell some DVDs? At what age did you start doing that?'
 ' 12, 13.' ' Okay.' ' and um...'
 ' I stole, what was it, a box of donuts once.'
 " How old were you then? 15. Okay. Have you ever broken into anybody's home or... Zachary did. What's that? Zachary. Yeah, how about you?"
 ' you' ' Exactly.' ' Have a...'
 ' Uh... Or a car even? Yeah, I broke into cars.'
 ' Yeah, I broke into cars. Steel can change, junk change. Find if they have any weapons or anything there.'
 ' Okay. And...' ' Were you less than 15 when you broke into the cars?'
 ' a little bit older, 16. Okay. Shoot stuff in the backyard.' ' Okay.'
 " That's what you did? Was that related to... Yeah." ' Yeah.'
 ' uh, for entertainment.'
 " But help me understand that this is... It's against the law."
 " It's against the law. It was the thrill of knowing I was against the law."
 ' What was the thrill of doing it?'
 ' I was just shooting a gun in the back yard, it was against the law. What is it? Yeah.'
 ' What is it?' ' And what was throng about that?'
 ' Uh, no one would know. No one could know.'
 ' Okay. And then you were describing to me yesterday that at some point you decided, did you leave the gun there?'
 ' No, I went out of... I went out... I think I tossed a gun on the ground. On the third floor or something? Yeah, I think I stopped on the first and then I kicked and I went to the side.'
 ' on the third floor or something.'
 ' And tell me again, how come you stopped at that moment?'
 " Uh, I couldn't find anyone to kill."
 " How come? I didn't know if kids were in the classroom or not?"
 " I didn't know. I just didn't want to do it anymore and I didn't think anyone else was in the building."
 ' I just-' ' Okay.' ' Yesterday you were in a script.'
 ' Yeah, I told you I had a like trap note and everything. No wonder that was shooting out.'
 ' Yeah. I was going to ask about the window. Could you see? I think you told me. Yeah, I can see it.'
 ' Yeah, I can see your football field and then I can see off to the side a little bit.'
 ' Could you see any kids at all or not?'
 " Yeah, there was like three or four hundred yards. I saw eight hundred yards. I can't remember who guarded."
 ' And did the window ever crack at all? Yeah, there was like little holes in it. Okay.'
 " We'll be right back. We'll be right back."
 " And I don't know how big an AR-15 is when I took those."
 " It really is the bullet inside, not so much the barrel. The barrel doesn't have anything to do with this, it's the bullet. So however big the bullet, that hole is going to be the same size."
 ' Okay, and did you ever try to fire through the bullet hole or what happened there? I tried.'
 " I tried, it didn't work. I tried smashing my gun into the window, tried to break it, didn't work."
 ' And why were you trying to smash the gun in the window?'
 ' Uh, to try to shoot out the crowd.' " Okay, that didn't work."
 ' on the other side and I was walking and I saw two girls and shot them.'
 ' Okay, and then I shot with a beer wing and I verified the stairwell. Okay. Yeah.'
 ' And then I...' ' Okay.'
 " I think his name was Pierre Wong or something? I can't remember. I only, I only, obviously found out what I'm saying."
 " I don't like..."
 ' And so, the first person you shot, remind me what that was like and how you did that.'
 ' I thought they would scream. Uh huh. I just wanted like they passed out. Okay. Passed out and just, well I just came out of pouring out of their head. Okay. It was really nasty and sad to see.'
 ' Uh-huh.' ' Okay.' ' Okay.'
 ' And again, I think I asked you this yesterday, but...'
 ' I think I showed mercy to the three girls. I was gonna walk away but they started to show nasty faces and then... Okay. ...I went back there.'
 ' Okay? Can we have a bad day or something? Explain to me how you showed him mercy.'
 " I was thinking about shooting him, but I didn't want to do it. So I was going to walk down the hallway."
 ' And did you end up shooting him?'
 ' Yeah, because they gave me an acid look and they were about to run.'
 ' Okay, what do you mean they gave you an estrogen?'
 ' Like, something like that. And so, you were gonna give them mercy. I thought they were gonna attack me or something. Okay, you were gonna give them mercy, but then they gave you the nasty one.'
 " Like, I don't know what that..." " We're gonna go."
 ' I thought they were going to tackle him or something.' nan
 ' Well, can I run away?'
 " And then we're gonna run away. So we're gonna run away one." ' Cheers.'
 ' And when I pulled up and gone, they just went back and they put it into a ball.'
 ' Yeah.'
 ' that like they pulled into the ball? Okay, and then what happened?'
 " I didn't even aim or anything, I just shot."
 " How did the boats get on if you didn't aim?"
 ' I aim downward. Okay. Like, I had like, on a waist and I had...'
 ' And then, do you remember who the last person you shot was?'
 ' Uhh... Here Wayne. Okay.' ' and describe to me what happened.'
 ' Describe to me what happened. His head blew up like a horrible one.'
 ' And then there was a girl you mentioned yesterday that was... Yeah, she was...'
 ' Yeah, she was on the stairwell. She was on the stairwell? Yeah, I shot her. She was crawling. I shot her in the back.'
 ' She was on the stairway.' ' Okay, and how come?' ' Okay.'
 ' I told you I wanted to kill as many people as I could and take my life. Okay. So I was going to go. I shot her. Okay.'
 ' Okay.' ' Okay.' ' Okay.' " I've been in the shower twice."
 ' I was injured in the leg, I think when I was sitting down the hallway or something.'
 ' Okay.'
 ' I think security card in the hallway that I told you about, I think it gave me a nasty look. So, shot it in the head.'
 ' Peek-a-boing also gave me a nice look.' ' Thank you.'
 ' Yeah, I love that.'
 ' What kind of look did he give you? Do you remember?'
 ' with a dotin entangled' ' Okay.' ' I think I told him to run.'
 ' and teddy' ' Thank you.']