[' would wake us up for school.' " I can't dress." ' went downstairs.'
 " We'll be right back." ' walk down the street to a bus stall.'
 ' had a casual conversation with people at the bus stop.'
 ' Got onto the bus.'
 ' went to school, took the shotgun out of the, out of my'
 ' entryway, went around the corner.' ' Shout out to the crowd.'
 ' Sue was not.' ' previous foster homes.'
 ' prior to being placed in her foster home was fairly abusive.'
 ' the foster father would punish him.' ' He and I for coming.'
 ' trying to stand up for William because our foster brother.'
 " He would pinch or wake us up by pinching our faces. At some point in time, Williams' teacher realized that signs of physical abuse and she would ask why."
 nan ' to DFYS.' ' The foster father was always...'
 ' ever felt that I was telling' nan ' Big.'
 ' Do you know what a bungee cord is?' ' always been strong.'
 " We'll be right back."
 " Turn the music up loud, the door would be open outside. She's looking to have a good time. A byproduct of that was child support."
 ' At first it was...' ' superficial.'
 ' things. People make fun of me for what I look like, how I dress, that sort of thing.'
 ' I decided that I needed to stand up for myself, doing what my foster mother at the time told me to do, which was...'
 ' And I decided that I needed to do something to stand up.' ' you'
 ' What I anticipated would happen, what I expected would happen.'
 ' expected.'
 ' At one point in time, I remember Josh asked me why I shot him.'
 ' I never looked at them.' nan ' you' ' I spoke with...'
 ' She pleaded with me about putting the gun down. I had two conversations with her and...'
 ' before this second conversation.'
 ' Somebody was coming out of the office area and I ended up finding him.'
 ' got my attention after I shot.'
 ' We spoke some more. She actually asked me to give her the shotgun.'
 ' And...'
 " The only reason she didn't get the shotgun is there was another teacher behind her that was approaching."
 " I didn't know what he was up to, so I pointed the shotgun at them. The police showed up."
 ' during our second conversation and I decided to go up to the library. Made it halfway there. The shotgun fired into the lockers.'
 " the police officer and I don't recall who shot at."
 ' fired back at me.' ' But at that point in time...'
 " I decided that I didn't want to die and I threw the shotgun down. The police rushed me and"
 ' I was taken into custody.' ' I was 16.'
 ' Two weeks before the crime, I planned on...' ' committing a crime.'
 ' I told...'
 " James and Matthew, one of my friends. I didn't know what to do with the shotgun. I didn't know how to load it. Turns out that I was going to..."
 ' the wrong way.' ' He showed me how to load the shotgun without...'
 ' and the pre opponents in Playedencia and Pen basketball can click.'
 ' what I wanted from...' ' Committing with a crime was too...'
 ' give people to leave me alone.' ' based' ' What would happen?'
 ' was all for video games.'
 ' shoot somebody multiple times before they end up dying.'
 " With the assistance of Good Time, I'm eligible for discretionary parole. I'll be 82. Do you think there's actually..."
 " after serving 66 years in prison. I don't believe so. I stopped pursuing."
 ' I felt guilty about the prospect of cheating people out of...'
 ' the justice that I might feel. Some people might have found closure.'
 ' and the judgment I received.'
 " where I'm at. I've accepted my life for what it is. It wasn't until my mother passed away that I actually got it. I understand. Because I realized that..."
 ' The loss I felt from my mother dying that the Palacios family...'
 ' they feel.' ' I sincerely hope that...']