[" I'm sorry for that." ' firearms are very easily accessible in America.'
 ' as we all know.'
 " Your family members can purchase one and you're underage, you have access to it."
 ' Mine was not, you know, mine was not the one that I used at that day. It was not, you know, purchased by me. It was not something that I had readily access to. It was locked up, but I knew where the key was.'
 ' And...' ' In other words, nothing.'
 " I mean, it's very difficult when we talk on the firearm how to prevent these actions when we talk about people's rights to their arms, people's possessions of firearms, and how they get, you know, how many people have access to them. It's very difficult because."
 ' My family went 100% the legal way. They in fact, my mother had spoken with police before buying the weapon.'
 " My mother had spoken with my psychologist, my psychiatrist, and said, should he have access to this? Because I was doing better. I had sought out therapy. Like I said, I didn't open up all the way."
 ' I had opened up partially and I, on the outside, was doing a lot better.'
 ' And after a time, you know, I wanted to do hunting with some members of my family.'
 " And my mother made sure to ask my psychologist and my psychiatrist, is it okay for him to have access to a firearm? Do you believe he's a danger to himself and others?"
 " He said, no, he's not a danger."
 ' My mother spoke with the police and said, hey, I have a 16-year-old son.'
 ' Is it okay for him to have this in the household if he does want to go shooting with his father or with his brothers? Is he allowed to do that? What is the rules with that?'
 " So again, that's why when we talk about firearms, that can be a very difficult subject."
 " That's why my focus is more on the mental health aspects."
 ' as difficult as that is. That is something that I believe is so much easier.'
 ' is not a political issue.' ' Everybody should believe that more...'
 ' quality access is needed, affordable access is needed, especially for the young.'
 " If you don't believe in mental health access for all, can we at least say mental health?"
 ' provide that for them? Can we give them a place and an opportunity to seek help?'
 ' my father that when I was a very young man I mean 30 on top but I do have support'
 ' dark and even when there were certain things going on when I was true and'
 " The school did sometimes freak out for my family, but again, because I was the quiet one that wasn't raising red flags, I wasn't becoming a problem, I wasn't in there."
 ' And yeah, they reached out to my family, but not always.' ' We had.'
 ' As far as security, I think we had one officer that would sometimes be on school as a DARE officer.'
 " I don't know whether or not he was there that day. I don't believe he was there. So I don't know what the security in that fashion was at that school."
 ' But we did have an officer presence at certain times.'
 " I can feel as kids that we're alone, that other people don't understand our pain. So I think that's one of the key things that we can be doing is to be providing them with."
 " In the early 2000s there was no social media. I understand that that can be a key for people to look at nowadays. It's been concerned when somebody is raising issues."
 ' media when somebody is possibly showing red flags or even making possible threats.'
 ' And again, it is a very fine line where it might be somebody who is'
 ' showing those red flags. If somebody that needs help.'
 " And again, I know everybody here wants our kids to be safe, wants our schools to be safe. Well, I can't help but also work with those."
 " how can we respond to their basic cries of help, even though they're making terrible threats."
 ' They are threatening to do something horrible.'
 ' and we want to prevent them from being able to go through with that. But we also want to work with them so that they can go on for the rest of their lives and become more healthy emotionally so that they never feel that need to reach out, to lash out, to threaten again.'
 ' But the key point for me at least in turning my life around.'
 ' has been.'
 ' all the people who are willing to reach out to me with compassion instead of hatred.'
 " And I'll tell you for me, I know that might sound weird."
 ' That hurt me even more.' ' when people would reach out to me.' ' and'
 " So I think that that's something that we can look at. And that's why I use the word compassion a lot, because"
 " That's something that again and again I look back on the years of my incarceration. And trust me, prison is not a compassionate place."
 ' and there was very few people, usually on the outside world, who would reach out to me, who were willing, complete and total strangers, were willing to write to me.'
 ' and to offer a safe place where I could write back to them, where they were willing to help me out in whatever fashion they were able to.'
 ' So how can we prevent others from doing this? How can we help other people, like you said, kind of release the anger? Is even when people are angry, even when people are'
 ' Bye.' ' the most difficult thing to do is to show them compassion.'
 ' to a certain degree is needed.'
 ' To a certain degree, yes. You need to make sure that they are unable to hurt other people or themselves.'
 ' But if you can do that, if you can prevent them from hurting people, if you do so with an open heart at the same time, if you can manage to find that...'
 ' then you can change their lives, and you can change the lives of the people around them, and you can prevent them from possibly hurting them.'
 nan ' I know it sounds like such a high thing to aim for, but...'
 " That's what I believe we should be aiming for." ' John, thank you for'
 " I'll save it." ' So.' ' Drinkche'
 ' your view of reality becomes distorted.'
 ' people, I had plenty of people in my life who cared about me, who supported me, who loved me.'
 ' I had people who were reaching out to me.' ' Um...'
 " And that's why when I talk about all these ways that we can prevent things, it's very difficult because in my mind, I distorted a lot of their care, a lot of their concerns."
 " I went into an episode where I basically thought that their care for me, their concern for me was actually distrust for me. I started to believe that they're talking to me like this because they don't believe that I'll ever change. They don't believe."
 " I'll ever..."
 " be trustworthy of living on my own life. I don't believe that I'll ever be able to live a good life."
 ' and'
 " That's why it's so hard to help people. Because sometimes we have to realize we have to keep pushing because when somebody isn't in that right mindset, when somebody isn't in that right psychological standpoint."
 " They're going to distort what you do in their own minds."
 " That's why it's so difficult when you show somebody some compassion, when you show somebody some love, and you're trying to help them in their minds."
 " They might see that as an attack. They might see that as you not trusting them, not wanting to help them, but the complete opposite of what your intentions are. And that's why it's so hard."]