[" We're trying to come up with."
 " We're talking to a lot of scientists about what goes on in the mind of somebody who does a rampage killing, a rampage shooting."
 " You've had now 12 years to think about it. Take us back to that moment and if you can tell us what was going on in your mind at the time, that would really help us."
 " Um, yeah, I just feel like even now being so far removed from everything, uh, it's like there's really no like coherent..."
 ' Even now...' ' you' ' Really nice.'
 " like thought process at the time. I mean, I can only speak for myself. I can't really, I can't give you any insight to all these people that like went out and."
 " like did all these mass shootings because at least in my mind it's not it's not really the same thing like i"
 " I was just, to me it was just like a numbness at the time. You know what I mean? And like I couldn't really, at 15 I couldn't really comprehend like the consequences, or I knew what I was doing was wrong but I couldn't really comprehend that like..."
 ' knew what I was doing is wrong with'
 ' the finality of the wrongness that there was going to be some severe and lifelong consequences to everything I was doing.'
 ' Did you feel suicidal?' ' Absolutely.' ' Absolutely.'
 ' Tell me a little bit more about that. Do you recall when you first thought about ending your own life?'
 ' uh You'
 " like an eight month constant, like, like I wonder if things would be better if, you know what I mean? Like if I wasn't, if I wasn't like in this, in the city, in this state, like, or even, even on this earth."
 ' better.' " if I wasn't."
 " So, but what's interesting is how does it go from thinking about suicide to thinking about shooting someone else?"
 ' At least to me, in my mind, like...'
 " I didn't want to go out hurting. I didn't want to be the one to kill myself. You know what I mean? Because everything to me was so painful at the time. I didn't want to go out in pain. So the whole grand scheme, my grand plan was suicide by cop."
 nan ' like go out.' ' Anyone?' ' go out.'
 " So you thought that cops would come shoot you and for whatever reason that didn't happen. In a way, was that kind of disappointing?"
 " Um, no, no, no, no, I was going to say at this point, I mean now, now it's a bummer because like, that was..."
 ' because like that...'
 " That was my brilliant 15 year old plan and that didn't really work out but like now"
 ' Peter, that was my...' nan ' like this.'
 " the two people that bear the brunt of what I did. Like, you know what I mean? Like, they had nothing to do with going on. Like, I didn't really factor, like, the severity of what I was doing into my decision because I didn't think, I didn't really think, like, all that stuff through. I didn't think two boys were gonna die. I didn't think 13 people were gonna get shot. I just thought I was gonna make a lot of noise and that the cops were gonna show up."
 ' and' ' that.' " I just thought I'll..."
 ' I just wanted to get away from everybody and not be there anymore.'
 ' I just wanted to... I wanted to...' ' Thanks for watching!'
 " Can you tell me a little bit more when you say you're in pain? What do you mean?"
 " No, I mean like I was addicted to drugs at the time. I was drinking a lot and my buddy's mom had Lyme disease so we used to steal her pancakes."
 ' We used to steal our faces.'
 " I'm like the bullying was going on there's some there's some abuse that like with at the hands of Like my buddy said that there's a lot of stuff going on for for me to try to process right there"
 " There's." " I'm glad he said"
 ' So in retrospect, do you feel a lot of remorse?'
 " No, absolutely, and that's the reason why. The two families that lost the most out of this had nothing to do with what it was I was going through."
 " Why aren't I?" " Would you like to tell them you're sorry?"
 ' Oh absolutely, and I am sorry and I will always be sorry.'
 ' So why were you holding back from your father though? He was your only family member out there. Uh, why were you holding back?'
 " I don't know man, I think I was just ashamed to confront my failures. I don't want to let him know that my grades are slippery, that his son's a drug addict, you know what I mean? Those aren't things to be proud of."
 " Do you think it's possible to identify?"
 ' kids like you who might do something like this in advance.'
 " I mean, it's certainly possible, but you're always gonna be the ones that may slip through the cracks, but I mean, it's always possible."
 " That's it."
 " At least in my situation, like if you live... I think there's a handful of red flags in my case that, you know what I mean?"
 " Talk to your kids, freaking make them tell you what's going on."]