[" Mr. Wilkam will read you your rights on video again. They've already paid you before. Correct."
 ' Okay, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. Get right to talk to the lawyer and have a present with you. Why are you being'
 ' I represent you before any question if you wish. You can decide to exercise these rights and not make any statement.'
 ' to talk to. Yes sir.' ' What happened?'
 ' My mom was in bed. I went into the kitchen. I got the pillow.'
 " I'm actually kidding, God, those are not it."
 " Uh, once my mom's room, we overhead and stab her. It's dead. Why'd you stay in your life?"
 " She always told me I wasn't out there eating. She always told me I was bad."
 ' She used to blame me when we did the fights.'
 ' A little bit bigger than you.' ' I outsmart her all the time.'
 ' And she just hated me.' ' and she had always been mad to me.'
 ' there for me she always ran out on Friday'
 ' That happens day after day.'
 " She wouldn't let me do anything, but she could go out."
 ' She can party.' ' Thank you.' ' And...'
 ' My 9th grade year up here, she always just...' ' Thank you.'
 " I should be in 11th, I'm in 10th. I had so much going on, my first 9th grade year with my mom. I just could not keep my books down, I just could not do anything."
 ' and' ' So what have you.' ' Well, I just...'
 " No, actually it wasn't last night. It was probably about Sunday."
 ' I got in from work.' ' And.'
 " I started just not giving, I just thought I'd stop caring Friday for some reason. I just couldn't figure out how to stop caring."
 " And people at school thought I was on drugs or something, because I just didn't care about anything."
 ' And uh...' ' So the weekend, I just, you know, usual things read.'
 ' and uh play this' ' Thank you.' " It's okay."
 " I'll play that a little bit." ' foot.' ' Bye.'
 " and just, no, I'm sure Lou would take the gun and take the car."
 " You can't understand. I did not."
 " Luke, here's what I want to do. I want to go from this morning and pretty much get to how we led up to today. OK? All right. Tell me what time did you get up this morning?"
 ' Well.' ' I woke up this morning, Ralph.' ' Whatever.' ' Well.'
 ' I guess I kind of just...'
 " I want to say I was planning for this, but yet not. I didn't really want to. It's just... Why would you have been planning for it?"
 " I wanted to do this, a long revenge on Christine. Christine, and who's Christine? Christine Minnifie, she's my ex-girlfriend. We broke up, we died a year ago."
 ' I know.' ' First family.' ' She goes,'
 " Just a part of the first time I've shown it." ' Got a right to harm.'
 " So you gotta teach more calm. It's okay, calm down."
 ' So you got up this morning.'
 " And you just think it was kind of going in your mind? Yeah, I had time to plan saying, you know, well, I had all these Joe drafts broke up. I'm going to get her back, you know?"
 " I mean, men do it in my mind, but yeah, I didn't want to because it wouldn't be right."
 ' Thank you.' ' in the next year.'
 " That's when I met Kristina. This was last year."
 ' Jollins have, right?'
 ' No sir, she was younger than me. I had known her before then.'
 ' when she was in the junior house.'
 ' her and another girl that I was friends with at the time.'
 " me and another one of my friends, we're going to go to the Royal Junior High."
 ' graduation dance or whatever.'
 ' She was going to give me Ozzy Osbourne tickets if I went with her. So, Ozzy, you know. I wanted to go see Ozzy. But we ended up not going, but me and her stayed friends. And she had become like my sister.'
 ' I love to her more than any other thing on this earth.'
 ' Then she, a friend of ours set us up and you know it.'
 ' Nothing went wrong, nothing. I actually had somebody to love and somebody to love me. First time in my life, only time in my life.'
 ' And then...'
 ' She just, all of a sudden one day just broke up with, just, and I was devastated. I was gonna kill myself.'
 " That the next one out, I had going not 30 30, but there's no other one that's in."
 ' closet in my kitchen.'
 ' And I had it in my mouth and one of her buddies called right then.'
 " When everybody's calling and asking me if I was okay, they were at the school comments and using the phones and everything."
 " I told him, yeah, I'm OK."
 ' And a few minutes after that, I just, after that, I just.'
 " Maybe there's some reason I'm a block. That's why I keep you."
 " And then another friend of mine called me and he's graduating now."
 ' But he, oh.' ' He called me and made sure I was okay.'
 ' He came over and we talked and stuff.'
 " He made me feel a little better. I didn't want to kill myself. That's good. And so then, next, that night, Christine called me. She's talking to me. She's telling me how sorry she was."
 " And I was still in love with her. And so I just, yes, ma'am, yes, ma'am."
 " Well now yes ma'am, it's you." ' And uh...' ' She-ah.'
 ' So the next day we got back together.'
 " But, I don't know, it's just the second time this is what pushed me over the edge. She just always, all the time- Did something happen yesterday at school? I'm gonna explain the whole thing, sir."
 " She'd always flirt with other guys. She'd always do that kind of crap, right to my face. She'd always tell me how cute other guys were and all this kind of crap."
 ' And it just gets to you.' " Didn't care." ' enough' ' bullshit'
 ' She went on a choral music trip and she flirted with one of the guys there. She let her watch her change and all this kind of crap. They hung all over each other. She came back and told me all this. Told me.'
 ' and.' " Don't meet again."
 " And ever since now, I've never been the same." ' That was last year.'
 ' for like a week before Thanksgiving.' ' And uh...'
 " I just, I mean you can ask anybody at school, they'll tell you, I just."
 ' I hated, I really hated the world. Our elites walked around.'
 " Like I was gonna do what happened in school. That's what it looked like"
 " I mean, people were surprised because probably no one, because it's the way I act."
 ' and'
 ' I try to be nice and a few people like me, but a lot of people are scared of me.'
 ' And most people just hate it.' ' still' ' And uh...' ' I just...'
 ' all built up inside of me over time.'
 ' People always picked on me, they always called me gay and stupid stuff like that.'
 " And I tried to find somebody else. When I opened the other door, Melissa, she wasn't there at school today either."
 ' But uh...' ' But she, it turns out the whole time we were going out.'
 ' She was making fun of me behind my back. And I mean, they just.'
 ' And so we broke up and I always every day had to face Christina and Melissa every day.'
 ' for almost a year.' ' in'
 " Over the summer, you know, I kind of got better because, you know, after my birthday last year, this is right before I started going out with Melissa, I got a job down at Domino's Pizza. Yeah. And they all liked me. They all thought, I mean, all of it was..."
 ' I just worked all summer in red.'
 " I really didn't do much, just work and read and sleep."
 " That's all I really want to do." ' Oh.'
 " I try to be friends for seniors since we've broken up. I try to be friends about three or four times. But she'd be my friend for a little while."
 " But usually don't leave because she didn't have a boyfriend. And you know how women are like."
 " Yeah, you only call me when you're down. That's what Bush said."
 ' Uh, they...' ' and' ' It just all builds up over time.'
 ' And no one in school likes me.'
 " Well, I mean, some people do. Sure, you're gonna have some. Some Koreans, but..."
 ' and uh...'
 " And you know, I didn't shoot a heme line. Whoever did heme was nice."
 ' and' ' I know.' ' that once I killed her, that, you know...'
 ' I knew I was going to snap. I just wanted to kill her.'
 " I walked into the commons, I had already written. How do you know it was 7.50 when it was done? Because it's on the clock. Okay. I had a plan to leave at 7.50 because we're getting there by the time of the bell. Okay."
 ' And uh...'
 ' I walked into school at first without the gun. I had it in the backseat of the car.'
 ' I handed it to one of my friends, Justin Slash. I handed it. I expected to die today. Honestly, I expected my right to kill me.'
 " Did you hand it to Justin Slade? No, no, I didn't hand my gun. Oh, that's alright. I had written up..."
 " I'm a musician."
 ' And I also write poetry and a bunch of other stuff. I hand it, said...'
 ' just give this to Grant.'
 " and he's one of my friends. And I had a will written there, I had a eulogy for my funeral."
 ' And you know, I pretty much said everything.' ' is' ' Remember me.'
 " Well, I guess the world's gonna remember me now. I'm probably gonna get pretty famous. We're not there yet, so let's just... I know, I know."
 ' But, uh...' ' And so I walked outside.' ' God.' ' Ugh.'
 " I've been driving to school nervous. I hit, back into my tire, hit."
 ' Love.' ' Cool.' ' side thing, whatever you want to call it.'
 ' And uh...' ' budge when there.' ' Got to go on, try right on.'
 ' ran towards school, I yell this inch now, ran inside the school, ran up to Christina, bam, right in the heart.'
 ' She just ran in with the gun.'
 " to shoot? I just, I didn't mean to shoot. I just snapped. I mean, so you don't really know who the other people are that you shoot? I mean, I know, I remember who it is. I just didn't know at the time."
 ' But let me tell you what happened. I mean, were you anything? No, sir. No, sir. I just.'
 ' I mean...' ' Bye.'
 " It was like I was there, but I wasn't. Okay. So tell me what happened. I shot lead you dude."
 " I don't know why." ' I shot'
 ' Turned around and I just shot off into the crowd and I think I hit Stephanie Wiggles. I think I might hit her in the butt.'
 " And then Westboro, Allen Westboro, he's lying down with Karen Allen. He always prepped on me."
 ' How did they find me?'
 " I just got really mad. He's a big guy. He's a big guy. I don't know if I killed him or not. I don't think so. I shot him once somewhere and then I know I shot him in the balls or the dick or somewhere along there and then I shot him again."
 ' bullet in there.'
 " And I don't think I know I told Jerry safely I want to shoot out because he never did anything to because he was hot over the girlfriend over in the corner trying to protect his girlfriend. I told him I'm not gonna do anything to you."
 ' And I...'
 " I took off the floor down the science hall. Some guy was running down that way. I don't know who. So I just, I said, wait, I'm only going this way before. So I just went out the other way, got in my car, drove off."
 " And next thing I know, I was just trying to get out. I didn't know what really was going on. I hit a tree, my heart came right out there."
 ' I just...' " I just said, no, I don't want to die."
 ' So I just gave up.'
 ' And I told him to get out of the car, I got out of the car. You know, I was real nice about it and everything. So is that the only...'
 ' Was there anybody in the lower elementary? No sir, no sir. I just came up here.'
 ' I like to tell you I mean we were here on the radio that you know, I mean, you know how Oh, yeah, but it was just it was just there sir. I promise'
 ' Alright, so let me ask you this, do you...'
 " I mean, it sounded like you were pretty much together. I mean, like this boy, uh... I'm not, I'm not insane, sir. Alright. I knew, I knew what I was doing. I was just really pissed at the time. You were just mad."
 ' Like when you shot the one boy, you said you shot him in the groin area and you shot him right at the chest.'
 " I don't know where I shot him. You just shot him several times? Three times. Okay, why in particular did you shoot him in the groin area? Did he mess with your girlfriend? No sir, he just..."
 " I didn't mean to, I mean I wasn't aiming, I can't shoot a gun very well. I just, bam, then I thought it hit him in the groin, because he, oh man, like that."
 " I know I've been making that sound before I got shot in the groin."
 ' Boom.'
 " And you said, uh, I wonder if it's the other guy's name. You said, uh, Justin. Who'd you get this package? I gave it to Justin Slage."
 ' Sledge.'
 ' He is an 11th. A little proof. Do you know the small number?'
 " I mean, that's our head to it. Do you know where he lives?"
 ' on Jeffries Drive.'
 ' You know his mother tonight? My father tonight? Yes.'
 " Anything else that you think of that I'm going to find out or I need to know?"
 ' or anything like that.'
 " I mean, is there anything that I don't know that you think I need to know?"
 ' Why do you want to hug?' " I guess I've told you every" nan
 " Well at this time I'm going to conclude the interview between myself, Detective Hirschfield, and Luke Woodham."
 ' And we may do another interview later on, you know, in case I have some questions. But right now this concludes the interview for myself and Luke Woodham. Time is 9.07.']